DOC-1151/VOP-000: Single-page guide (#344)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/index.mdx

# SEPA Credit Transfers

:::warning

> Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers per the EU Instant Payments Regulation.

Reviewer: Again - replace per with according to.

> Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers per the EU Instant Payments Regulation.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting October 9, 2025, Swan automatically includes [Verification of Payee (VoP)](verification-of-payee) in all SEPA Credit Transfers to comply with the EU Instant Payments Regulation.
```

### Verifying beneficiaries {#beneficiary-verification}

:::danger Breaking change

> The `beneficiaryVerification` query will be deprecated. Plan [your migration](verification-of-payee#migration) before the October 9 compliance deadline to ensure uninterrupted service.

Author: ```suggestion
The `beneficiaryVerification` query will be deprecated. Plan [your migration](verification-of-payee) before the compliance deadline to ensure uninterrupted service.
```
